my fourth ofite video got a million
views I knew that I would be good at it
and I knew that I would make more money
I kind of quit the job that I had
currently which was door knocking for
solar my mindset is very arrogant I
think I'm the best at everything I am a
prime Advocate to not bch your content
they treat social media as a sales like
it's a paid ad that's probably the
biggest
mistake worship here we're a different
breed action is what we got if action is
what you need content capitalist we're
breaking the
the new stories to content capitalist
get to the price this is the content
capitalist podcast and my name is Ken
okazaki there are as many ways to make
money with content as there are people
doing it so listen in as my clients past
present and future unpack how they crack
the code to making a million dollars a
year or more while capitalizing on their
content let's get started hey guys
welcome to another episode of the
content capitalist podcast where I have
deep dive conversations with people who
are crushing it with video content
creation and especially figured out how
to you know turn that into an income
stream for themselves uh my guest today
I he started popping up my feet mayy six
months ago and I was like who is this
guy don't know who he is but I paid
attention because his content was like
really quality it was fire and right now
he's sitting on top of Instagram
269,000 followers as of today that's
October early October 2023 and and the
comments in the engagement are telling
me that he's doing the right thing so I
want you to welcome Devon jath to the
content Capital show Devin welcome to
the show thank you for having me Ken I
appreciate you coming here now we could
go over a lot of things but uh right now
could you just kind of give us an
overview of what is it you actually do
uh from the looks of it you're super
young uh from the looks of on social
media you're super successful uh but
tell me what is your business who do you
help and how do you help them so so the
quick little elevator page that we like
to say is we make millionaires famous on
social media uh you are right I'm 19 I'm
kind of young um but right now we're
currently servicing entrepreneurs to
trying to help them build and monetize
their personal brand perfect I remember
when I was 19 most likely I was just
sitting up all night playing video games
I probably wasn't doing something quite
as productive as this so I wish that you
were around as my you know next door
neighbor or friend to kind of show me
what's possible um tell me about like
why did you start a Instagram Channel or
you know social media presence in the
first place was it with business in mind
or was it just kind of for fun to share
random things with your friends it was
never fun man I always wanted to make
money at the beginning um so what kind
of inspired me to do it is I was always
an advocate for watching Shark Tank I've
always had like the entrepreneur mindset
like since like second grade I was
trying to sell things in school but fast
forward to now or fast forward around
whenever I started I used to watch Shark
Tank every single day and then one day
uh as a guy was coming up to pitch Kevin
o Larry Mr Wonder asked a guy before
they asked for the before he offered the
offer for the investment he asked how
many social media followers do you
currently have for the brand and at that
point it kind of stuck with me that this
is important and if I can get other
people to if I can add value to people
that want to increase the following I
get paid in the back end amazing so that
stuck with you and you just uh did you
right away just dive into that and start
playing around so I started watching
this guy named stepen Miller and at the
I thought I had like this Grand idea
that nobody else was doing but then as I
started to look a little bit more
forward into it I saw that there was a
bunch of guys doing it quite well I just
kind of saw a gap within the market that
no one was really doing it the way I
wanted to do it um I kind of wanted to
take the heroi route and it's worked out
well okay and when you say horos route
is that like giving the best information
Upfront for free is that what you that I
mean whenever I create content I kind of
keep that in mind um my whole ordeal is
to build up enough positive
reinforcement are you familiar with the
BF Skinner experience
experiment no why don't you tell me okay
so there was an American psychologist
named BF Skinner and he was famous for
doing the Skinner box now within this
they had two different boxes you had the
positive reinforcement box and then you
have the negative reinforcement box so
within the positive reinforcement box
basically he took a bunch of starving
rats and they stuck them into this box
now within this box there was a lever
and within this lever whenever you
pulled it uh a reward a reward would
fall from the sky with them being
stubborn rats it would be food so
basically they built up a relationship
with this lever as the positive lever
because obviously they get food when
they pull it I wanted to resemble my
content across if you were if you see my
page pop up on your free page you at
least know that you're going to get
something positive from it there's going
to be some sort of value then on the
flip side you have the negative
reinforcement which is what made BF
Skinner controversial is he would take
the rats and put them into a box that
would shock them until they pulled the
lever then from that they built up the
negative reinforcements of being in the
box and the only thing that was positive
about the box was pulling the ever I do
not want my content to be stained with
this sense of me trying to S you
something just more so I talk about what
I have to give with which is education
and then you can pay me if you want the
implementation I love that I love that I
and out of everybody who I'm seeing on
social media you're one of the most well
researched people like I I watch your
stuff and some of the stuff you
explained in like 60 seconds or 15
seconds even some of them I recognize
I'm like oh that's from this study or
that's from this school of thought or
that's from this expert and but then you
just keep going with more and more and
more and more and I sense that you have
a really broad range of places you
research study and and and people you
learn from could you tell me about like
your background that got you or or where
are you getting these ideas how much are
you researching who are you learning
from so I'm not one that really watches
all that much content and then as well
as I don't have any background like I'm
19 uh I'm not in college and and I
barely paid attention in school um
typically I will have a sense of logic
across like I feel like it's more so a
common sense and then from that I'll try
to reverse engineer the common sense
with something to back it up so for
example uh one of the most follow videos
that I made was how to get a bigger
follower button now I knew that a bigger
follow button would probably increase
the conversions of followers but I
nothing that would back up what I was
saying and then as well as it was an
assumption so to confirm the Assumption
I'll go do research and look up chat gbt
is really good uh whenever you went to
look for these kind of things but I
would go look up something to basically
back my assumption and then make it
somewhat of a fact I love it I love it
that's uh that's really interesting now
something that uh a lot of people that
come to me and by the way I I have uh
you know we do something similar we
create content for a lot of our clients
yeah and it wasn't until just recently
that I started making anything for
myself so I I feel kind of like a newbie
but um a lot of questions come up where
people are just like well what's the ROI
how am I going to make money with this
could you tell me your story of how long
it took from when you started creating
content to when someone showed up at
your you know literally like your inbox
saying hey can I pay you to help me out
like what was that gap of time and how
how how did you feel during that period
okay so I would say for me it's a little
bit different because my fourth ever
video got a million views so it was like
immediately I kind of got that first
ever DM but I would say the Snowball
Effect whenever it was like more so of a
a normal occurrence was probably around
two months into ining content and then
from that um it kind of just came in all
at once at the beginning I was selling
like maybe $150 coaching calls for like
9 minutes and I'll take four hours of
preparation before the call just to make
sure that it was spot on X Y and Z and
then around January I started creating
content like my first ever video in
October then around January um I had my
first ever guy I forget his name he
never actually facilitated like he never
actually gave us content to work for him
like we never did any servicing for him
he just paid and then never messaged me
back but that was the first ever client
to out and he was really he was really
easy to sell he said hey man I don't
really care what your presentation is
here's a Google doc write down 10 things
that you'll do for me we'll move forward
and from that um that day I sold four
more clients and then I kind of quit the
job that I had currently which was door
knocking for solar which was appointment
setting and then I just never looked
back so door knocking for solar you're
in sales how long did that last before
before you jumped off that boat that was
a long five months a very long five
months so did you get into that just
because just like I need to make money
I'm gonna hustle and this is the first
thing I came across your desk so I knew
that I would be good at it and I knew
that I would make more money um
realistically I looked up okay sales on
Google waitting for the ads to pop up
LinkedIn I was the first one screw it
applied and then I got a call the next
day and that's just what I had to do I
looked at it as it was only $16 an hour
like you can go work at Amazon for 19
Etc firstly u i was pretty decent so I
got like a bunch of bonus
then secondly I feel like sales is
something that everyone has to learn and
I saw that as a free opportunity to be
able to learn the skill set I love it I
love it imposter syndrome did that ever
was that ever an issue for you I felt
like my mindset is very arrogant I think
I'm the best at everything until um I
get proven by the world that I'm not
every single day but um it's never
something that I really struggled with
it was just more so if I can do it um
I'm G at least try to and if it doesn't
work out that's a good thing about
social media if you do have impostor
syndrome if what you put out is bad
nobody will see it but if what you put
out is good it will get pushed because
people are watching it and people are
engaging with it so everybody will see
it so there's really no risk whenever it
comes to posting something yeah and what
about for your clients like some some of
them they're probably like I want that
same you know what do you guys call it
Riz right you know that presence on on
in front of the camera but when they
struggle with that how do you would you
how do you help them to kind of just
project better to to kind of own their
Authority so typically so what we did is
we after the first month I went like
completely premium I figured I am
solving rich people problems um so
typically the clients that we got were
already doing eight figures like they
they spoke pretty well they were pretty
established within business so I don't
really have that problem to begin with
now whenever we started going a little
bit more I don't want to say low hanging
fruit but for lack of better terms
that's what I'll go with um we started
to run into that issue a little bit uh
so what we do is you read out the T for
the clients in the scripting process and
I do that for myself as well so I'll
color coat um let's say for example uh
yellow means emphasize so I'll color
code to my script on what I need to
speak in that tonality so if I um yellow
coat you that I know to emphasize you
whenever I'm speaking to the camera and
that's really helped for me and then as
well as for the clients that had that
issue I see and are all the videos that
you're putting out on Instagram are
those scripted word for word word for
word I suck whenever I don't have a
script dude you're doing okay right now
um and well I I you know I I would say
that I I am really impressed with how
tight your Instagram content is but do
you are you thinking of doing longer
form stuff or other formats as well for
yourself 100% like that is my main goal
we currently have six videos that are
currently like recorded and edited ready
to post it's just more so I didn't have
any intific to post right now because
I'm not currently selling anything but
then starting tomorrow uh we'll start
looking more towards actually posting
the YouTube content but I do encourage
everyone to create YouTube content yeah
yeah YouTube is what what do they call
it the 800 PB gorilla right like it's
it's got the most competition however
the people who stuck around it for stuck
around and actually you know mastered
that there is so much more potential
that that spawns out from that in every
direction and it's it's kind of crazy
it's a lot easier to trust someone from
a short form video in comparison to a
short form video a short form video is
30 seconds and trying to steal their
attention rather than a YouTube video
you're sitting there watching them for
eight to 10 minutes and it's just them
talking about a specific subject it's a
lot easier to
trust that makes sense that makes a lot
of sense um what kind of businesses do
you think need video and are there any
that
don't so I would say this might be a
little bit biased because it's my job
but I think every business needs video
um one thing that I've been looking like
into is UTC and one of the biggest
Pioneers for that would be I think Jake
from State Farm uh I would personally
not know State Farm or at least it
wouldn't be such a household name to me
personally if it wasn't for the
commercial Jake from State Farm and now
if you look up Jake from State Farm
that's a literally like that's a social
media profile um so I think anywhere
from insurance to obviously the people
that are selling uh digital products
like info products and Digital Services
they definitely need a social media but
I think it's going to become more
prevalent across every single
business got it 100% makes sense um
buying versus earning versus versus uh
just having fake engagement on social
media tell me like I I I know the
obvious thing is like don't do it right
but so so many people are tempted you
know because you get a thousand people
in your inbox every day I'm going to you
know buy this many followers for you and
stuff um have you seen instances where
you brought on a client and then they
just have a whole bunch of fake
followers and you're like we need to
clean this up like what how does that
hurt or like what what's the actual side
effects of actually you know going for
these agencies like for example path
social and stuff that are all over feed
these days tell me what that does if you
go with that so the first thing is I
always ask my client I think the first
mistake is it will mess with your
mindset uh whenever someone asks me that
question within the program or whoever
they'll ask me hey what do you think
about this can I do this I'll ask them
if you got 100 million views per video
would you do this no of course not so
stop thinking short form stop thinking
short term and then start thinking long
term on how you can get there then
secondly there are I would say
detrimental like effects to it let's say
for example you you pay shout out Pages
it's probably like the most popular
thing now
um if you are an an accountant and you
pay a shout out page the most typical
shout out pages are going to be the
motivational pages with the guy that
we're not allowed to talk about but
everybody knows the guy that we're not
allowed to talk about think about if
you're paying that person to shout you
out on their story and all they post to
get the attention is the motivational
content what audience are you bringing
on to your page now so let's say for
example you're paying a motivational
content page to repurpose your content
nting the bunch of people that watch
motivational content now think about who
the people that need to watch
motivational content typically it's
going to be the 19-year olds My AG that
don't have any money now your audience
is screwed and you pretty much screwed
your account in the sense of nobody
that's currently watching your videos is
valuable um and then as well as there's
just I would say social proof that's one
of the issues for example if you have a
million followers and you get a thousand
views that looks a little bit sketchy
across no matter like which way you look
at it so I think that there's just no
real benefit to purchasing followers
other than yeah I don't think there's
really a benefit I just see nothing
downsides yeah I mean temporarily like
if you're an influencer then you might
be able to land the brand deal because
you could kind of you know make your
account look more pretty with with big
numbers but the in the end the sponsors
are the ones that are going to suffer
and then they're not going to resign you
because they're just like yeah you know
10 million followers but zero sales so
you know you might get the first gig but
that's so short term right yeah
definitely short term all right uh tell
me about I got a question here batching
your videos or doing them one at a time
uh I when I look to your feed I noticed
that okay there's you know six in a row
that look like they're shot right in a
row so I'm I'm guessing that you do
batch to some degree tell me about your
your schedule for how you shoot how do
you like manage your energy like
different times a day and or like
inspiration is how how much is that a
factor in when you shoot your videos
okay I really like this question a lot
okay so I am a a prime Advocate to not
batch your content and it's for a couple
of reasons
okay now I will say if you go look at my
page I will be batching some of my
content that's just because I'm
traveling and I need to post but aside
from that I will never batch my content
just because of firstly let's say for
example you're batching in a 30-day
batch so you're you're recording 12
times a year you're only getting better
12 times a year versus if you did a
weekly batch you would be getting better
at a four times rate now if a daily
batch you get be getting better by a it
depends on the 300 65 time x rate my
thought process around that is if the
more you do something the the more reps
that you get the stronger you will get
in that skill set so that's my first
argument and then as well as my second
argument is let's say for example you
are in the news Niche if you have 30
days worth of content already bashed up
and you just recorded yesterday but then
if a country goes to war tomorrow now
you have to wait 30 days until your next
content batch to be able to cover the
new trending topic I don't really see a
benefit in batching content other than
saving time but uh I optimize to do
something the best way I possibly can
rather than do it the fastest that I can
that makes sense now when you've got a
client who's a CEO yeah and they're just
like hey I've got four hours a month to
commit toward content creation what do
you how do you work with them so yeah
that's like the typical thing they would
work around um so what we do for all of
our clients is it's bi-weekly um we had
to sacrifice the weekly we used to make
them doek but they they didn't want to
do that get eight fig CEO to do weekly
that's you you'd have to be like you
know Stephen Spielberg to to that we had
some chop off but we had to go to
by-weekly and that's like been the
street spot for everybody you still get
to be able to get better content more
frequently than you would monthly but um
you still get the idea of Saving Time
realistically 14 videos takes around
maybe two hours to record if you if
you're bad I say you can knock it out
within an hour and a half if you just
are effective with it got it got it
right now um who are you keeping an eye
on in like the social media content
creation business realm where you're
like that's my well at least for now
that's my Northstar that's I feel like
that person is doing a really good job
and I'm getting a lot of inspiration
from them anybody that you care to share
within my Niche I would say I don't
really have anybody within the social
like the social media coach if you to
take all of their average Ed and
multiply it by two it still not be half
of mine so I'm not really looking at the
people within my Niche however there are
some guys that's are outside of my Niche
that are and I would say more of a broad
Niche that do pretty well uh I think
twer is someone that a lot of people
need to look up t o z ER he's doing
really well he's in like the side of
swese and he's selling a jop shipping
course I believe and he's doing very
well financially um just because of his
content all of it's organic that's one
guy that I think is doing really really
well um and I would say that's pretty
much like the only guy that I personally
watch and like think okay this guy does
this better than me again arrogance um
but I would say that guy is really good
really
good uh you know I gotta go check him
out again tell me has anyone ever told
you you have a like a Kobe Bryant
attitude yes um they have okay so I'm
not the first one like having this
conversation with you I'm finding a
different side of you than what I see on
your Instagram feed because on Instagram
feed everything is you know scripted
right and as it should be but right now
like the level of confidence you have
and the level of you just said you know
like hey there's no one else who is
doing as well as me right now I'm just
like that sounds like Kobe and then you
also talk about how hard you work at
every you like outpace out practice
outwork everybody in your in your class
right um tell me like do did you ever
intentionally take any motivation or try
to learn lessons from Kobe no uh I
didn't like basketball never was I'm 510
so it's always out of the question for
me okay all good yeah tell me about what
uh what's the most common mistake that
you're seeing when uh when you bring on
a new client and when I say that it's
like nails on a chalkboard like H that
again can't stand it you know like why
can't people learn their freaking
lessons like what's what's the recurring
one let's say top
two top two um okay I can't think of two
I can't think of one and I can it's very
very prominent one that I see pretty
much across all of the people that join
my program is they treats social media
as a sales like it's a paid ad like they
script their videos as if it's a paid ad
now I say that's probably the biggest
mistake um firstly you got to think
about who you're competing with uh the
audience and the mental state of people
that are currently scrolling through
short form content they just saw a
really they saw a 10 out of 10 girl
above then they saw a funny cat video
and then we scrolled on to your video
they most likely don't want education
they for sure do not want education and
then to be sold for more education so
just keeping that in mind of the mental
state of the audience and being able to
frame your information not as medicine
but as candy for them to eat rather than
to fix their
problems got it got it when you see them
making that mistake and then you know
what to do like like how do you help
them shift like is this just you telling
them straight up stop doing that crap
and do this instead or do you like do
you have to take them through some kind
of like a a you know a metaphor or some
kind of a process so they can see the
results so I will never say stop doing
something and never give them like the
mythology on why I believe so so the
main thing that I do is like to I like
to make it seem like it's their idea so
I'll ask them hey um who do you want to
resemble within your content and it's
always the same answer as everybody else
Alex OSI so then I'll ask them okay when
was the last time you ever heard Alex
MOS sell something within his content
never amazing and then they just pretty
much sell themselves into it now of
course not everybody we're not all none
of us are in with the position of Alex
OSI we didn't sell a company for 30
million but um what I found is that
people will find you if they want to buy
from you pretty easily so I look at it
as put out put out good information then
you'll get good feedback I love that
love that uh question about uh kind of
the stages of you going through just
getting started to where you are right
now about kind of like where you're
going to in the beginning I'm going to
assume you were doing everything you
were doing all your own research you you
know setting up your lights your
microphone your camera you're hitting
record then going into Premiere or after
effects or whatever you know Final Cut I
don't know editing all the Motion
Graphics and then uploading it um tell
me how long it took you to learn those
skills and also the transition into
right now are you still doing everything
yourself or do you have Team helping you
with some of that okay so at the
beginning I never ever edited my video
that seems disgusting to me yeah you
know that's this is the second surprise
so far on this interview number one
don't batch number two don't edit so
walk me through this this is really
interesting I hate editing um
realistically you should not be taking
three hours to do something that someone
else would do it for $5 an hour I could
never see myself doing it I never saw
myself doing it I was poor and I still
didn't do it I paid someone Els too um
that's the first thing I'll never do um
so from the very beginning uh how how
did you find this editor because I think
everybody's drooling right now it's like
I don't have to edit you know like so is
this a friend or Craigslist or what so I
will say I was in a different position
um I came from the sense of like I was a
gamer so already had like a community of
other Gamers that were editors that
edited my gaming content beforehand so I
just kind of carried that over but for
the people that don't have that same
scenario uh there's a bunch of different
places you can find them uh Facebook is
a really good place they have a bunch of
different Facebook groups especially a
Philippine editor Indian editor anything
that is going to be in the third world
countries um they typically have a group
for those editors you can get for cheap
onlinejobs.ph most people know about
that if you don't check it out it's
pretty simple and pretty easy easy to
use then the other two places would
obviously be Fiverr and upwork you never
want to actually pay those people within
platform now it is it is against their
terms of service to like be like hey bro
off right yeah yeah yeah yeah they
filter your words now when you're
chatting yeah yeah you have to filter
out your words hey man you ready for an
interview hop on the zoom call screw
Fiverr screw up work hey bro I want you
to come join my company blah blah blah
edit for me and then from there you just
take them off the platform got it and
what do you bring people on like a per
video kind of rate or like a per month
like what tell me about that I don't pay
anybody by the hour or salary it is okay
okay salary for different positions but
for video editors no I don't care how
long it took I don't care what you have
to do to get it done all I care about is
that you got it done um so I just pay
people keep I pay people by the video
yeah like for for the level of quality
that you're doing right now could you
give us a ballpark like what's one video
okay so for my like my my personal
post so okay my videos typically take
like it's a a substantial amount of time
around 12 to 16 hours to edit including
the revisions so it's just like for that
you're going to need to pay a pretty
your penny and then as well as the
quality of my video you can't like it's
harder to find I would say for my style
of video I would crack off maybe $75 at
the minimum if you want it completely
hands off and that's at the very very
minimum if you find someone really good
I would say
$125 would probably be like the standard
rates for my quality but my quality is
OB like that's what I build my business
on is my quality of videos so you don't
have to have like a similar quality of
video it can be much much less and you
still perform quite well if you just
scroll through Tik Tok right now you
would scroll through and you would see
none of the videos that look like mine
you'd see no videos that are highly
edited like you don't need an editor
that's really really good I would say a
good price for a decent editor would be
anywhere from 20 to $30 and I think that
that would be completely Fair as
assuming that they're
overseas yeah that makes sense thanks
for that I think that you know a lot of
people don't talk about this publicly
but you know I think a lot of listeners
are looking for that that other layer
like they want to be like you and these
these hints are going to be really
valuable so I appreciate it of course
there's so much talk nowadays uh you do
this and a lot of other people do this
just about hey here's 20 viral hooks
here's this hook and that hook now do
you think that this is going to be
something that is going to continue to
be Paramount to engagement or do you
think that there's do you see any shift
in the in the landscape where the
there's other things that going to be
more important than just you know
grabbing the first three to five seconds
of attention I mean I think I think the
the the quick like the beginning of your
video is always going to be the most
important no matter what because if they
don't watch the beginning they don't
watch anything else after that so I
think the whole idea of hooks being the
most important will never change I think
how you portray the hook and how you
speak the hook is going to change
because beforehand competition was a lot
less um dopamine levels were a lot less
and then as well as the watch time on
videos was a lot more prior 2020 so
nowadays I would say the hooks are still
going to be just as important you just
have to be better at portraying them and
how you speak them and it's going to
have to speak to an emotion rather than
just being here's my secret way on how
to how to get more
views and how do you balance that like
there's the hook and the structure of
your video right you have a lot of great
Frameworks and then there's the I'm
going to call it the Riz you know like
the balance between that someone could
be a total you know dead energy kind of
person but have great you know structure
and I would say that some like for
example Jordan Peterson he doesn't do uh
short form necessarily but you know the
the stuff he says is so good that even
though he speaks in this kind of just
kind of monotone way of presenting it
doesn't matter but then you've got other
people who say stupid stuff but with you
know so much more character are you
seeing like any difference in your stuff
or in your client stuff I I think just
going for the balance I mean um depends
on the information on who you're
speaking to and then as well as who like
what's your what information you're
giving then who you're speaking the
information to Jordan Peterson will
typically be speaking to a more educated
human being and for that they're
probably going to have a little bit of a
better attention span than someone
that's a little bit less educated that
just wants comedy videos um I think it
just depends on what audience you're
trying to attract and you will attract
whoever you are
okay that makes perfect sense tell me
about uh when you first started posting
stuff friends family mom dad cousins uh
you know school mates like uh what was
their General reaction like supportive a
few people just calling you a clown like
wannabe uh tell me about that I mean I
didn't really have any negative backlash
I mean like other than like my like
friend groups uh I didn't have any like
negative backlash that was just like
uncalled for uh family um family always
knew that like they were a little bit
disappointed that I wasn't going down
like the normal route like every other
parents um but they always knew that it
was either this or homeless so they were
kind of at terms with it so they weren't
necessar or homeless yeah homeless how
does that work
um because you didn't want to have a a
traditional job like from the beginning
was that like something that's always
been in your since like 13 your psyche I
knew there is no chance that I would
clock in and listen to someone else um
just not within my I don't want to say
not within your nature speaking over
things that you can't change but it's
just not something I was going to do um
so it was either this a
homeless but sense yeah they understood
that uh they tried for the past before I
was 18 for the past five years to get me
try to to get me to start paying
attention to school and stuff like that
wasn't happening they pretty much gave
up and said you know what whatever he
does he does so parents was good um I
will say um it was a little bit
embarrassing like not embarrassing but
it put the burden of performance perance
onto you to actually make it work
because if you did this and it didn't
work and you have everyone that followed
you beforehand like I had 700 people
following you from school like real life
people that like saw me post this random
stuff that was kind of weird to them
especially especially unknown they know
me as Devon not as a Content guy so I
look at it as just like a burden of
performance if this works out it's like
okay everything's all good if it doesn't
work out then I will get
clowned yeah it's just you know let let
the results speak for themselves right
yeah it's it's interesting my brother
did the same thing he's got you know I
think close to a million followers on
Instagram and and uh YouTube and stuff
but when he started he was on Facebook
and all his friends were like uh you
like hey who are you trying to be an
influencer whatever and what he did to
just block out the negativity was he
said I'm going to just do something
completely new where my friends are not
and that was YouTube and he just
switched platforms because he just
didn't want any of the the the past
drama in history following him and
that's when he was able to focus on his
content and yeah he's you know he's got
you know several million dollars a year
in his business just off of YouTube so
that's it's so important to to have the
right people you
know like occupy your attention at any
given time otherwise you just just going
to go off in a random Direction yeah I
agree here's something I'm curious about
AI how is that uh I'm gonna assume that
since what you're doing is relatively
new you had a pretty early start but
there was probably a time where you
didn't have it and using it to where you
did what has changed as a result of
that I would say transcription tools I
would say it's probably the easiest
thing that I utilize the most whenever
it comes to AI um how to say different
things that's something I personally use
a lot so for example if I'm if I would
rather say something other than she
would um I would say what are some other
alternatives to saying she would she
could okay that sounds good um that's
probably like the main thing the main
use case that I found transcription I
use dovet tail.com I believe it is or
dot app something like that and it
transcribes videos for me uh personally
I'm a big believer and not throw [__] at
the wall uh don't try to reinvent the
wheel look at look at what's working and
then try to imitate it and make it
better um so if I want everyone to take
inspiration from another video upload it
to dovel gives me the transcript I can
sit there and look at the script why did
this perform well what is the pattern
within the script cool take the pattern
now script it out
yourself makes sense other than that I
don't think that there's much each case
I mean like I don't think it's to the
point to where you keep somebody's
attention with what AI writes no no
it'll help you clean it up but that's
about it like what I do sometimes is
like I say something I'm just like I'm
bored reading my own stuff and then I'll
just have it shorten it I'm just like
okay that's better it's more to the
point cut out the fluff 100% um there's
I've seen your content go out some of
your really great videos I think one of
the ones that that stood out was the one
about how you could take you know one
idea break it into three subcategories
and then six subcategories beyond that
and he cared the content wheel or
something visually very very you know
explanatory and then I saw about five or
six other people literally rip you off
like almost word for word and the same
Graphics different colors pretty much
different face how do you feel when that
happens and I'm sure you've seen those
too right like over and over people call
I yeah I get added in those a lot I mean
to be honest with you there was a guy
named I think his name is bu's brain I
mean he created the concept I mean
it was a lot different than my video but
he created the concept of like having
the different subtopics it was more so
in like a road map rather than the
visual that I created but like
everything that you see is stolen no
matter no matter what everybody got
their information from someone else so
it's just like
if if somebody else takes my information
it's just I don't necessarily care I
mean I think that my video performed
better than all all of theirs if their
if their videos perform better than mine
then I might get a little bit emotional
about it but until that happens it
doesn't really matter to me
dude you're such a
Kobe I love that uh it should be like uh
yeah no I I'm not even going to go there
because you don't do basketball right
okay now before we we started this
interview I asked you a question and and
most people would jump at this and be
like yeah yeah yeah I got this book and
stuff and I asked you the question it's
like hey is there something you want to
pitch and he said no I don't pitch tell
me about your philosophy around that and
I know we touched on it lightly with
your clients wanting to pitch everything
and change but let's go a little bit
deeper like really uh like you seem to
have this level of confidence where
you're like my my content will do the
work for me and it will show up for me
and I will not have to pitch was there a
time when you had to turn that around
like you said that you were in in solar
uh door solar sales door knocking that
is just pure pitching pretty much right
pure pitching uh yeah and maybe is is it
like like uh you know wanting to go far
as far as possible in the opposite
direction where you never pitch
uh could you could you kind of walk me
through the philosophy and how you came
upon this I've never been a sales guy
like I've never been a sales guy I'm
like I'm pretty decent at it but it's
just not something I've ever done like
even the people that I get on a sales
call like I just have a pitch deck and
it's just like well run through the Pres
presentation sound good yay nay no okay
have a nice day man that's talking to
you I'm not one to handle objections so
it's just always been me um now I will
say the philosophy came
from I never bought from somebody that
asked me to buy it's just more so um I
have trust within this person on
whatever I bought will be valuable and I
think that's the main thing that um I
focus on that My Philosophy if I build
up so much pre-assumption towards the
value that I will provide uh if I give
you 18 different videos that's all add
value to your life then it's kind of
like looking at it from the viewer
standpoint well if I got this much value
out of the free stuff what the [__] is
in this paid stuff because that's
exactly what I think whenever I watch
other guys stuff um so I just look at
what I bought and why I bought it and
then cool how can I SLE more people like
me
um yeah for the pitching thing I didn't
want to pitch here just because uh I
sell organic traffic and like how that's
how I'm do business and I teach other
people how to do that themselves I don't
want it to be I don't want to do
something that would be against what I
sell on how I get my customers if that
makes sense if I'm as good as I think I
am then I'll will get it doing it at the
thing that I'm
teaching I love that thank you for that
right now when you're when you're
helping your your clients what's the
majority of your time going to is it
scripting is it research and somebody
else scripts like like where do you see
your Genius that it's got to be you
versus stuff that you can get help with
for example you told me you don't edit
so we know that that's out of the
picture um how do you divide that okay
so I'll give you the rundown of like
what uh I have helped with so the two
main things obviously editing then the
other thing is content research I think
content audiation we have different
content researchers and then from that
the structure on how they present to me
the ideas is the video link itself to
whatever Source they took it from
whether it's Reddit whether it's a Tik
Tok video core.com anything they took it
from cool they take it from there they
give me the concept that it's teaching
so what is the concept of the video
about an example on how I can use it
within my own content and then as well
as a quick summary of the idea itself
that way I don't have to waste time if I
don't like it then from that I can rate
the idea from one to five stars and then
um they can kind of curate my audiation
across that from the ratings and that's
how I personally work than my own
company as well as my own clients
whenever do audiation for them um so
that's one key thing that I would
Outsource if you can is audiation having
somebody bring you the ideas and then
you creating your you taking that as
inspiration and then creating your own
videos that saves a lot of time for me
especially then as well as the clients
as well um what was your original
question I got I got like where do you
spend your time that's your zone of
Genius that that you would not hire
someone to do at least not right now so
scripting um I don't even script to my
clients anymore anymore like what we
used to do the thing part the thing with
scripting is I would not that to anyone
script your videos because firstly um
that's what we did to begin with is we
offered scripting because it was the
most desirable thing um that for for a
lot of different people so the biggest
issue I ran into whenever I was
scripting for clients is that firstly
I'm 19 I speak as a 19y old if you are a
40y old CEO to a company you don't want
you don't want to sound or come off in
the way that I come off um so that's
number one secondly I'll never have as
much information or knowledge the topic
that you're currently speaking on so for
example we had clients that were
Traders I don't know how to buy a stock
I cannot write the script for you man I
don't know what the [__] I'm talking
about um so that that's number two and
then as well as number three um well
what we did do is we did advise the
script to where we we would rework it
and make it more optimized for
engagement so they' give me the initial
information and then from there I would
script it out that would be the only
thing that I would be necessarily
attached to but I don't even do that
anymore just because I now have re re
I've done it for so long and I've done
100 skrips a week for like six months
now I reverse engineered all of my
processes and kind of just like give it
to all the people that buy into my
program now and from that they can kind
of learn pretty quickly all right
perfect I think I want to join your
program sounds awesome uh the the I'm
going to go back one step to the
question earlier about uh the
researchers how do you find SLT train
these researchers are is there a certain
like uh job title that if I put that up
on LinkedIn people just like oh that's
me that attracts the right kind of
people so I made it um I just thought
one day hey this would be nice uh I
don't necessarily know what other people
call it and I don't know if that's like
an actual job uh personally I have a
brand and I cop out in my brand all my
account all of my talent comes from my
brand and that's something like one of
the sales pits that's something like on
the sales side of like selling my
service is that there's so many lagging
indicators for example you get invited
on to podcast you get good people
reaching out to you for talent make
Instagram story and then have 5,000
people applied to whatever job position
that's open um but yeah that's how I got
them I just said hey content researcher
you want to make money watching Tik Tok
fill out this application um what I look
for are people that are very organized
ask ask a lot of questions and then as
well as are really is really really good
at noticing patterns those are the three
things I look for within a researcher
all right and do you do you do them uh
take them through a test project just to
make sure that they're there or yeah so
what we do at the beginning is we have
the form and then on the form it's like
all the basic general questions and then
I'll ask and then at the bottom I'll put
an optional and like an optional section
hey man if you want to want to put in
the extra work um give me three ideas in
the form anybody that puts those three
ideas automatically send them on to the
first trial anybody that does not twit
their through ideas and put 45 minutes
giving their perfect resume X Y and Z
goes in the trash if you don't do the
extra work you go in the trash people
that do the extra work they go into the
first trial to where they will find 15
ideas for me and then at they make it
past the first trial they're going to
the second trial to where they will find
25 ideas for what of the clients then if
they make it past that we have the batch
of like five or 10 of the best
researchers then from that we'll say
okay we'll do a paid trial find content
ideas for all of my clients and then
I'll give them 100 of bucks to well not
all the clients like 10 clients and then
um I'll give them 100 bucks to do the
pay
trial all right that works all right
Devon we're running out of time uh very
last question uh talking to a business
owner who's doing let's just say uh for
the sake of argument um $2 million a
year right they're in the services
industry whether they might be a lawyer
uh doctor uh agency owner or maybe an
information coach but but they're not on
video like they they've got the money
they got the business but they haven't
jumped into putting their face on video
what advice do you give that person what
would you say to them pay the right
people just like everything else um if
you want to video if you want a
videographer pay the right videographer
uh if you want to get someone to build
your house don't try to do yourself pay
the right people um there's a bunch of
guys that are within the space that know
what they're talking about um Ken being
one of them so um look at who you
resonate with the most look at who
creates content the way you want to
create content and then pay them if you
make $2 million a year that's what I
would do
personally all right perfect thank you
so much for your time Devon I appreciate
it and uh I will put links down below if
you're listening to the podcast check
out the show notes if you're on YouTube
look at the description down below to uh
find Devon on all his different channels
thank you so much appreciate it and
we'll see you next
time capitalist breaking the the
oldies content capitalist get to the
priz